c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\TaskManager.App.exe.config
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\TaskManager.App.exe
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\TaskManager.App.pdb
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\ViewModels.dll
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\Services.dll
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\ViewModels.pdb
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.g.resources
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.exe
c:\users\pbsoft-2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\TaskManager.App.exe.config
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\TaskManager.App.exe
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\TaskManager.App.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\ViewModels.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\ViewModels.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.g.resources
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.exe
C:\Users\Андрей\source\repos\TaskManager.App\TaskManager.App\obj\Debug\TaskManager.App.pdb
